Subtitles and audio translation will begin later. Please wait for the official start of the video.
Well, good afternoon family. Thank you for joining me again today.
We are going to go over some things that are going on in the news.
But I want to say this first off: we give all the glory to Jesus.
Everything that we say in word and in deed, we give all to the glory of God every single time we do this broadcast because we all know that I cannot do this.
It is all Him and it is His presence on me. And I am so grateful for you prayer warriors that take this seriously, that come out and pray, and pray over the nations, pray over the world.
You know, I believe many hands make light work. And I have been asked a lot lately, Brandon, do you call yourself a prophet?
I just call myself Brandon Biggs. I call myself a watchman on the wall.
The Lord said, Raise up a million-man and woman prayer army.
And in doing so, we will pray and we will change the nations through prayer.
And I truly believe, like I said, many hands make light work.
But you have to have a leader. And the Lord said, Lead the people.
Teach them how to pray. Go and pray with the people. And so, I am excited that you all take it seriously.
I am excited that every single one of you would want to pray with me and do the things that we do.
It is not easy, pressing in and praying and you know, through the trenches basically is what I want to call it.
But you know, I am grateful for every single one of you that pray.
And so I believe everything the Lord has showed me in my opinion is by the spirit, by the unction of the spirit of the Lord.
Everything. And so you know what? There are a lot of things that we have prayed over and we are about to go over some of them that you can see in the news. There is some of it that we have not seen come to pass yet.
There is some of it I believe that people say, Well, is it a copout that you say that it is not being seen in the news that you call it out not being seen because you can stop it through prayer?
Well, I believe true intercession stops a lot of things. But through the things that we see that are negative and we have called it out, that is a prayer fail.
I truly believe that God calls us to raise up a standard against the devil so that we are prayer warriors.
We are not people that are just beggars. We are believing believers.
And we are fully persuaded that what God has promised, He is able also to perform.
So when we set our sights on a target and we are praying by the spirit and by being led by the spirit, being filled and controlled by the Holy Ghost, we are believing believers that I believe will change things through prayer.
And so that is what we will continue to do. So, I answer the critics.
I answer the people that ask me questions and emails and they want to know.
But I am just Brandon. I am no different than anybody else. Can I miss it?
People say, Can you miss it, Brandon? Yes, I have missed it. Do I call—people say, Well, prophets do not miss it.
Accurate prophets do not miss it. I have never labeled myself a prophet.
I think after you repeat that so many times that I have never labeled myself a prophet and people call you a prophet.
You know, I used to be in special ed classes when I was going through school, grade school, middle school, high school, and I was in special ed classes.
I was in special learning. And a lot of these people that say the same thing over and over again are like those kids that were in those classes or had special needs.
And I am not trying to be funny or rude, but I remember Mrs. Want, we had Mrs.
Wayne in there and there was a boy named Eric and he asked the same thing over and said it all the time and he insinuated something because he had special needs.
And I believe there is a lot of you that have special needs and you just do not realize it yet.
I do not mean to be rude, but it is just flat truth. I tell you again, I do not call myself a prophet to you that have special needs.
I am not a prophet. I am Brandon Biggs and I am here to pray with you.
So, that may come across cranky, but I have to get across to the critics because my wife gets these emails and I am like, man, if you want to label me a prophet, then label me a prophet.
If you want to label me whatever, all I am going to do is just keep doing what God has called me to do.
Other than that, I will pray for you and that your special needs will be healed because that is what you need.
And so, obviously, touch them, Father. Let us just pray for them right now.
Father, just touch their special needs. Touch their darling hearts and Father, their stupid heads.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that they have the mind of Christ and that they are able to get through this in life because they have a lot of hard things coming because they do not see it yet.
He that has ears to hear, let him hear what the spirit is saying. And so, that is all I will say about that.
And so, all right, let us go over some of the things the Lord has showed us, concerning the news.
Now, the last time I was with you, we brought out a short and what we saw.
Now, I want you to go ahead and play that short, son. Now, this is very important.
This happened today. Do you want to go over some of this other stuff? I have this prepared here. Okay.
Braden has all these, he has had three days to get everything ready. So he said, Do you remember I saw the sniffers?
I saw these big noses on planes and they were flying over Cuba and I saw plane after plane flying over Cuba.
And the Lord said, They are looking for nuclear and radioactive devices, but they are encased in lead.
And as I was looking at the, they were encased in a lead, a thick lead, so that they could not see because I saw Fidel Castro—if I said his name right—he had a device given to him.
I saw this by the spirit of the Lord, that he had a device given to him by the Russians clear back in the 60s and there were agreements there whenever Kennedy and there were things that were given and they had encased it in lead underneath the ground in a bunker and the Lord said they cannot see it with these sniffers and I saw these big noses, which is symbolic of something flying through the sky and I saw them that they were leaving out of Miami and these areas, Jacksonville and you know the Lord said they are flying out and I saw them going out over these areas and they were sniffing over Cuba.
So I thought that was kind of interesting. Now this is in the US military surveillance flights near Cuba since February the 4th.
So, they have a whole bunch of flights all going around Cuba because I saw these sniffers trying to sniff for bombs and so they will not be able to smell them because that—I do not know what lead would do.
Now, I am going to tell you for where I am, I do not know what lead would do, but that is what I heard.
And now, what other kind of metal? Aluminum or whatever, I do not know. It looked like a case that was about that thick.
And as it was cased in a box that looked like a cube and they encased it and they covered it with dirt and I saw it in the ground. And so now this is what the Lord warned us about.
And he told us to be praying over an exposure of this lead nuclear briefcase looking thing that I saw that looked from—it was a 70s looking bag.
So that was what the Lord was showing me, was that it was something symbolic from the 70s.
Well, 60s, 70s, you know that color, those old, you know, like when you look at the, like the bell-bottom jeans or whatever, the way the suitcases looked back then that you push the buttons on the top and they latch and you closed them.
My grandmother had them. They had a key on them and you could lock them.
It was something like that. It was encased in a thing like the '70s.
I don't know what '60s baggage looked like, but I know what the '70s looked like.
It was something like that; it looked like a briefcase. I saw it in a lead container, and we continued to pray over this. I saw that Cuba would be liberated.
I saw that Cuba would have a major revival with three major churches coming from the east, the west, and the center part of Cuba.
There would be a major outpouring of the Spirit of the Lord on this nation, and it would have a great economic turnaround from where it is right now.
Next, do you have anything else? Okay, today... Go back to the oil refinery.
Okay, today, go ahead and play it. We had a major oil refinery explode in Tulsa.
Oil refineries are going up everywhere, folks, just like the Lord told us.
He said they will try to send oil to $200 a barrel. Not financial advice, all in my opinion.
I saw that there will be gas lines in the days ahead, and there will be gas wars like in the 1970s.
Now, can we stop it? I believe we can lessen it. Obviously, even Trump says he can't believe that oil is not over $200 a barrel.
It's very interesting. But as we see these incidents exploding in Tulsa now—even in Oklahoma—I never saw Tulsa.
I'm just being real with you; I'm not going to add to or take away from anything that I've seen. I didn't see Tulsa.
The Lord said, 'Pray over oil refineries in America.'And so, we pray over the Tuttle and Houston areas.
We're praying over Louisiana still. This is pretty significant for Tulsa, but it's still burning.
I don't know if that was accidental or sabotage, but it's a big oil refinery here in Oklahoma.
This is what the Lord showed us on February 16th. It is a gas plant.
I see at a facility, it is a gas plant. We pray over the workers that are there. I want to say this is Louisiana.
Some things are by accident; some things are by design, like they're doing on purpose.
But this is like an accident. I see these men with construction hats, those hard hats.
I see white hard hats. Father, we thank you, Lord, that this plant does not go up.
It will be on the news everywhere. I see it on the news on a live feed.
They are watching this thing, and when this happens, I see it on local channels everywhere.
It's on Fox; it's on all of them. Everybody is going to talk about this when it happens, and it's a major event.
I'm looking at the news stations; I can see the TV. But it's about the workers. It's about the hand of the Lord. Some of them are believers.
If you are familiar with this refinery, you know that it is one of the, according to its website, the largest private employer in St.
Bernard Parish: 500 employees and 200 contractors working on the site.
To hear that this happened and that there were no injuries is good news. It's absolutely great news.
So many people work there and live around the plant, and I'm sure it was a concern for so many people who felt the explosion not only there in Chalmette in St.
Bernard Parish, but as we mentioned, as far away as Algiers in New Orleans East.
The Lord said, 'This group of men, they're in danger.'I see these men that are in danger.
They're workers that work there. When this thing goes off, it will vaporize them.
I'm talking about that heat. I'll count the men: one, two, three, four, five, six, seven.
These are very prominent in front, but these others back here are farther away.
These are the ones that are more dominant in harm's way. They're further out here.
There's more people working there, but these are the ones at the forefront.
I see these men—the brighter and more in-depth they are, the more in danger they are.
Those men out here, I see bunches of them; I see the numbers 20 and 30.
Then over here it's closer. These men are the ones that would be vaporized.
They're over here, still in danger, but I'm talking right on top of it.
There are levels to this vision. They're very prominent and in levels.
None of them were touched. The refinery exploded, but every single one of them was protected.
They said there were over 500 employees at that refinery, and not one was harmed.
They felt the explosion clear across 30 miles plus away. It shook the city, and they said not one person was harmed.
I just want to give all the glory to God for that. I believe the prayers of the righteous avail much.
Praise the Lord. I believe it's the prayers of the saints that kept these people safe. All glory to God for every single one of them.
It's exciting to see what we've set out to do—pray and see things change, to see this manifest.
God is doing it. It's amazing to see what God is doing in these last days through this prayer channel.
Not one person was injured. To not have one person pass away in an explosion of that magnitude? Glory to God.
Usually, something of that magnitude that shook for 30 miles plus, with 500 people working there, you're usually going to have some kind of fatality.
And there wasn't one. Amazing. Next, I want you to talk about Modi.
Go ahead. Now, Modi is saying they're having an oil and gas crisis in India.
He came out and told his people yesterday to conserve their gas like they did in COVID times, to carpool and work from home because they didn't have enough supply of gas or resources for their people.
He's asking his people to stay home and work. Don't go to work, like during COVID.
I don't know if he speaks English; I don't think he does either. You have to read the subtitles.
But it's pretty serious whenever you tell your people to stay home from work, work from home, and start doing COVID restrictions.
It's a pretty big deal. Then there's articles. Benjamin had an interview; he even said that China was giving secret weapons to Iran.
This is pretty interesting. See the UFO files? He says the UFO files release is a drop in the bucket and a 'holy crap'moment is coming.
What is it they're fixing to release? The Lord said that they would release it in stages.
They were calling for it to be released all at once as shock and awe, but they're releasing it in stages.
It's what the Holy Spirit warned us about, and it'll be the last phase.
When are we going to see this next phase? When are we going to see the 'holy crap'moment? This guy's talking about it.
We knew it by the leading of the Spirit when we prayed together that they're going to do it. They're going to try to freak everybody out.
As of April 1st, the Lord says signs in the heavens all the way to Rosh Hashanah on September 11th of this year.
He said an acceleration of birthing pains times two from where it is now.
By the time we get to the fall, we won't recognize things even more.
What are they going to release? What are they going to try to do now?
Brandon, do you believe in aliens? No. I told you I believe this is demonic. I believe this is a fallen angel. This is demonic stuff.
This is a great deception to explain away the rapture of the church, and I believe that's what's happening right now.
When we see this alien deity, this demonic spirit, when they entertain angels unaware, the Lord said they will entertain demons unaware, a fallen angel, a demonic spirit in the days ahead.
People can drive around and say, 'Well, you entertain angels unaware.'You don't know.
This is a guy on the side of the road; you picked him up and a miracle happened or something, and it was an angel.
Well, the Lord said, 'In these last days, there will be demonic deceptions.'I'm looking for it because I saw something that looked like a 12-foot-tall log creature that will be talked about in the days ahead.
Now, people talk about Sasquatch, and the thing that happened in Miami a couple of years ago—was it back in 2023, 2024, whatever—whenever that was, 2022, it was during COVID, I think right after COVID, and there's a mall in Miami.
It was some kind of demonic thing that was shown and everybody's freaking out. In 2023, it was a demonic thing in Miami.
If you all remember that, they said it was gang-related; they didn't know, but there was some kind of demonic thing.
And I'm expecting something to come on the TV and talk to a CNN news reporter in the days ahead.
Why CNN? Well, because I don't think Fox would do it. I'm teasing.
Of course CNN would. MSNBC would. Welcome. Okay, go ahead. I'm trying to find this.
And then he said, 'Okay, now this is cool.'A lot of people say, 'Well, we don't see the stuff we're praying over because we see things and the Lord tells us to pray over these time frames.'The FBI stopped four terrorist attack plots in December of 2025 alone.
On December 12, the FBI arrested four members of a far-left anti-government group on December 29.
They stopped one in Pennsylvania, they stopped one in Texas, they stopped one—where is this one?—an ISIS soldier in North Carolina who wanted to conduct a mass casualty attack on New Year's Eve.
Remember how much we prayed over New York City, over New Year's Eve, over Times Square?
I saw drones and a major disruption coming against the American people for New Year's Eve, specifically about New York Times Square.
Okay, so here's one that was completely stopped. Now, they didn't announce this to the people until now. Why? I don't know.
And before December even arrived, the FBI stopped a planned ISIS-inspired Halloween terror attack near Detroit where a group was stockpiling weapons, scouting targets, and training at gun ranges.
So, they're not telling you when they're stopping these people.
So, it's not a prayer fail when you say, 'Well, we're not seeing it, Brandon.'The FBI has it right here telling you that they stopped them.
Well, they need to tell us that our prayers are working. Wouldn't that be exciting? 'Hey, it was going to hit New York.'It even says it.
See, he said Kash Patel reveals the chilling holiday terror plots the FBI federal agents quietly stopped.
We never even knew about them. So, the haters are going to hate and they're going to tell you you aren't doing anything.
But it's right there that we are stopping stuff. All glory to God, not Brandon Biggs.
You got to know, it's encouraging when Braden finds this stuff.
When I'm telling you it's highlighted about New Year's Eve and we must pray for protection against a bombing concerning New Year's Eve, it's right there: a New Year's Eve bombing targeting multiple businesses across Southern California.
But none of them happened. All glory to God. So what else are they not telling us?
We're praying and we will continue to pray because we're praying over this week, the mass prayer gathering in Washington, D.C.
on Sunday. Trump is supposed to rededicate the nation back to the Lord. So, we will continue to pray over all of Washington, D.C.
There are major prayer alerts to pray over the month of May, praying over our country.
No plots, no plans for a Red Dawn experience for fertilizer concerning Timothy McVeigh trucks, vans, huge fertilizer barrels to find all this fertilizer the Lord showed us.
It's still out there. I believe with all my heart, where did the fertilizer go in the trucks and the trains?
Next, he quits, he resigns. That guy that's over England quits.
He just quits. Now, the Lord didn't show us anything about that. I never saw him quit.
But I think it's interesting what happened with the meeting when Trump and the king came together and had their meeting and then why would he just step down?
What kind of scandal? What's going to happen with that? I don't know.
Pretty interesting. Then we have Russia. Putin says he thinks the Russia-Ukraine war is coming to an end.
Now what did the Lord show us about this? The lavender. Do you remember the lavender vision?
Play it. Good job, son. You already had it ready. This is what the Lord showed us concerning Putin and Ukraine in the days ahead.
I heard by the spirit of the Lord, Ukraine and Russia will stop first.
Not Iran. Now play this. I saw a shock on the economy coming. Go ahead.
'On your call with President Putin today, do you think the war in Iran ends first or the war in Ukraine?''Ukraine.'Now, Putin is saying exactly what the Lord said.
And the Lord said, 'Say this: Ukraine.'Now, listen to the lavender fields.
It was lavender that you were looking at over Russia, Brandon.
Lavender. It brings peace. When you breathe it in, it gives you peace.
It's like we're calling peace over Russia and Ukraine. Lavender, when you breathe it in, relaxes you.
We call peace over lavender. I see it. We call peace over Russia in Jesus'name. We thank you, Lord. Did you feel that?
Whenever the atmosphere shifts, I can feel it shift when we call peace over Russia and Ukraine.
Oh, Father, cool heads will prevail. We call the war to stop and cease in the name of Jesus.
And Father, they would come to an agreement concerning the land.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, there will be peace throughout the land. I see Macron. I see Zelensky. I call peace.
The one thing that's holding it back is Ukraine joining NATO and it's being influenced by Zelensky and Macron.
Days are numbered. I see an elderly man who will be pro-Russia and pro-Ukraine.
We call peace over Russia and Ukraine. The lavender. I don't know if Russia is known for lavender, but I can smell it.
It's what was growing over that land. When I was looking at Coachella then I went clear over there and I could smell lavender.
I call peace over Russia and Ukraine tonight. I see Russia taking that land and there's a pause coming.
Hear me? He wants a pause. There's a reason. Something is going on.
There's a pause about the place. There's something about to take place.
I see so much purple and stars. I see the purple and the colors.
I see the stars. I see what looks like diamonds on the breath. The people of Russia breathe.
It's like taking a deep breath, almost like a sigh of relief. Do you understand what I'm saying?
There are agreements that have been made, and there are agreements that will be known soon.
I see Zelensky. Something is going to happen, and you'll hear a sigh of relief for a season, like lavender.
You'll remember this lavender. A sigh of relief. Do you hear that song?
Do you hear the choir? I hear them singing, Braden—the Russian choir again.
You know what I'm talking about. I hear it. I hear the people of Russia. I see Turkey, and he's not satisfied. He's stirred up.
You can play it for a second; I could hear it playing in the spirit when I was praying.
That's what I hear being played. Skip the music about Israel.
What I hear is them breathing a sigh of relief. But I can see Turkey, and it's about Israel.
I can see Turkey devising a plan to come after Israel with Syria.
It's Macron who is the problem because they want World War III. They're trying to bring forth the Mahdi.
That's why I keep seeing World War III above, trying to provoke this.
But I sense the lavender and the fragrance of peace coming out of prayer.
I can sense the prayer of peace, but I see them. I see Zelensky.
There is such corruption; he is being removed, and then a split. I see Macron. I see the man over England, the royals.
I see the lady, and they want to bring forth this New World Order, this Agenda 2030, and they want war over their area. It's not peace; this is false.
They want to bring forth control over the people, control over the banking, and control over these black swan events.
They want control by flooding the Muslim population to bring down European culture, NATO, and the alliance with Zelensky, coming to an agreement.
I see him going, and I see an old man coming in. I see a sigh of relief.
I see the number four. I see a sigh of relief with the Russian flag and the number four.
The flag is turning over the golden four, and it ripples over it.
The white, red, and blue are rippling over this golden four.
It's a golden four, looking almost like a bronzy brass gold, shining like a mirror.
And it's a four flipped. What is that?. Breathe. Then I see the people praying and smelling the lavender.
Peace. It's very interesting. I don't know what I'm seeing, but I'm telling you as I see it.
Certain pockets of people are praying for peace because there's so much blood being shed over Ukraine.
The people of Russia, I see the people praying. Gorbachev—he's the man bringing down the wall.
Now, what did Putin say? Putin says he's ready for peace. Will we see it?
I believe if we keep praying, it could be a four-year window, a four-month window, or four weeks.
Is that a four-week window? Maybe we'll see by the 17th, which is Sunday.
It'll be a month; it's four weeks. From the 17th of April to the 17th of May is four weeks.
I'm just trying to think what the Lord is saying. I saw four. Trump announces—when did he say this?
May 8th. Trump announces a surprise three-day ceasefire in the Russia-Ukraine war.
Trump says the request was made directly by him and was agreed upon by Putin and Zelensky. Will we see this stick? Because I saw a provocation coming.
You see the peace, and then you see a major weapon used that has never been used before over Poland.
The Lord said, 'I saw them trying to use long-range missiles to hit the Kremlin in the days ahead that look like Tomahawks.'But I saw a weapon of mass destruction.
It was not a nuclear weapon. The Lord said a weapon that has never been used before hit Warsaw, Poland.
I still believe that Putin will have a reprieve, trying to get their military built back up to get ready to start Ezekiel 38 and 39.
We're so close to that. It's a season of a little bit of a reprieve so that they can get around to help Iran, because they're preoccupied with Ukraine.
We saw Putin and Iran having meetings last week. North Korea went to the Russia parade and participated.
Their soldiers. I don't know if Kim Jong-un went. Those are really pretty AK-47s.
They're silver-looking; I've never seen one shiny like that. I like the Second Amendment, so don't get mad at me.
The banks, in my opinion—remember the rocket ship trying to take off?
They came to an agreement in the days ahead concerning the Clarity Act.
They were shaking hands, but the guy over JP Morgan Chase was throwing a fit.
Bank of America and Wells Fargo were there, but BlackRock was off in the distance. He was outside of the meeting. He wasn't there.
But I saw Chase, Bank of America, Wells Fargo, and some of these other major banks were there, and they were throwing a fit about the Clarity Act. Well, it's happening just like the Lord said.
He said, "For decades, these banks have treated our deposits like their personal piggy bank, paying you next to nothing while lending your money out for massive profits and executive bonuses.
So, they're having a real hard time."And look what I didn't see: Citibank.
All I saw was Chase, Wells Fargo, and Bank of America. And they were the three banks that I saw that were throwing a huge fit. Now they have two other banks there.
So now that active stablecoin threat to break their monopoly and give you actual financial freedom, they're running to Congress screaming about threats to economic growth and financial stability.
And I said, "They will..."I saw very turbulent waters and the coins were bouncing around, and then all of a sudden they had a hold of it and they will manipulate it.
And I saw great green things, green skyscrapers, great green and then great red too.
When I saw—and this is all my opinion—when I saw the clarity come, it was a black line.
And I showed you it was like this; it was a black line, as black like onyx. And I saw Garlinghouse smiling.
He said, "All we need is clarity and then the rest will handle itself."And all of a sudden, I saw it try to go up.
And the bankers would try to manipulate it to get people afraid of it.
So there were great highs and great lows with rugpulls. Now, all in my opinion, not financial advice.
So, you pray about it. It's all interesting because of what we see in the news after we pray about it for weeks in advance.
When did I have that vision? Clear back in February. It was February. And so here we are in May and the bankers are fighting.
So they wanted to bring it to a vote on the 14th which is Thursday, right?
Is it Thursday or Friday? The 14th is Friday, right? Yeah. So Thursday they want to vote on it. Interesting.
See, "Senate Banking Committee schedules Crypto Clarity Act vote for May 14th."So that's a day to pray.
So they want to vote on this thing on the 14th. So those banks are trying to throw their weight around.
"You better do what we tell you to do or we're not going to help support you."You know how they do it.
They bully you. And so then the next thing you know they're going to vote.
So what will they vote? Will they vote it down or will they vote it through?
"US banks reject Clarity Act stablecoin deal days before a Senate vote."Yeah, so they rejected it.
It was like a part of it. I'm trying to figure out the section.
Section 404 of the Clarity Act framework, stablecoin rewards deposit.
So compromise sought to ban stablecoin rewards that look like bank deposit interest while preserving some, so they don't want you to stake your money in there and then pay you like an interest account like it would be at the savings account at your bank.
So they're throwing a fit about it. Is that what I'm understanding?
If so, tell me in the comment section. Say, "Brandon, you're way off."I don't know.
They can read it. Y'all are smarter than me. I just think it's interesting. This is stuff that I just pray over continually.
I'm always just praying asking the Father for a wealth transfer, for what I believe the Lord has showed us about the end-time wealth transfer.
Okay. Now, this is very controversial. What we're about to show you is very controversial.
Now, Pastor Lee's dedication ceremony to the golden statue of Trump.
Okay, now there's a lot of people ticked off about this. Can you show the statue?
"Pastor leads wild dedication ceremony for Trump's giant golden statue at his own golf course."So, I don't know who the pastor is, but they have the statue and it's at his golf course and the pastor did it.
He's saying it's not like the "fight, fight, fight"where he was standing up and they put the stuff on there.
I don't have a good feeling in my spirit about it. I don't feel like it's right. Did Trump go? No. Did Trump support it? I don't know.
Who bought the statue was a bunch of people that had crypto from what I understood and they supported and bought this. Now I don't understand. I think it's crazy.
Why would you not have a bronze statue, maybe a granite statue, maybe something like that after he's gone home to be with the Lord?
Usually, Washington and them have that. They don't usually do that kind of stuff when you're alive in memory of you.
They do that for celebrities, like the star in the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
They do things like that to celebrate people. But not very often do they celebrate them unless you're a dictator.
Dictators get statues of themselves like Kim Jong-un or something like that, but usually not free-world people have statues of themselves that are golden that look like idols.
I just think it's interesting. People send this stuff to me and I'm just like, "This is what I was telling you about praying."See, there's Kim Jong-un.
He puts himself up there with his dad. He is the Pillsbury Doughboy on the left.
So, they're there and that's just the way they do things. And see, the people are bowing to them. Is it a dictator kind of a move?
You're going to get the far left saying it's wrong and the far right saying it's wrong and then you've got the body of Christ that will defend him until he tells you to bow down and worship him himself, and they'll be like, "Well, you know, he didn't really mean that."You're going to get all kinds of sister clipboards they're going to take up for him regardless.
I'm not on the Trump wagon. I hope y'all realize that. I pray for him and I pray for him to make good godly decisions.
But I worship Jesus and I'm all in for Jesus. Trump is a man regardless of people.
He can fall just like everybody else can. Do I honor him and pray for him?
Yes, every day of my life. But I'm not looking at the golden statue and all this. I think that part is bad. I push it away.
Anything that looks like false idols and golden calf stuff like the children of Israel, I'm going to push you far away from me because I will only worship the Lord Jesus Christ.
And then like I told you, the Lord said, "I'm examining the bride's heart.
What does my bride look like right now?"I said, "Lord, why do you not look at it like Obama if they made a golden calf with Obama all dressed up in gold like that?"He said, "It's the world, Brandon."The church couldn't stand him, a lot of them.
"But I will not share my glory with no one."And when the bride of Christ starts looking towards a man that only should be taking place of Jesus, it becomes very dangerous.
And when you start putting golden statues and pastors leading the ceremony—okay, let it be a senator then—but when pastors are leading ceremonies with his congregation there with a golden statue, it starts being real idolatrous.
It looks like a false god. It looks bad. It looks like Antichrist stuff.
And we want to refrain from all appearance of evil. In every area of our life, we refrain from the appearance of evil. And that has the appearance of evil.
Regardless of where you are, who you are, or what side of the road you're on, I'm going to tell you this: that has an appearance of evil.
And if I'm in the world and I'm looking at that, it looks like idol worship.
And this is what the Lord said: 'I will share my glory with no one.'And there will be a shaking to awaken.
Abstain from all appearances of evil. First Thessalonians.
Does that look like we're abstaining from all appearances of evil?
No, it looks like idol worship to me. A golden statue—it doesn't look right.
And if the world did it, fine, but the church is doing it. The pastor is doing it.
I'm like, there's a fine line here. It's kind of looking... are we abstaining from the appearance of evil? It doesn't look like it.
So if you want to stay on the side of it and be all in this la-la land where I want to tell you Trumpers, then you all need to stop this.
You need to let the elevator go to the top. It's avoiding the appearance of evil, and this doesn't look right.
So you can say what you want to, but it still bothers me. That's why I posted the article.
I pray for our president and I pray for his kids. Well, 'He didn't do it.
He didn't do this.'Yeah, he could have told them to stop, 'Let's not do that right now.'I remember getting a lot of backlash from everything—the whole Jesus thing and the costume, whatever it was on this Trump post laying hands on people, and it looked like that.
Well, he was just messing with people. There are too many things going along with the heart.
There are too many things that you, as the president, can tell these people: 'Pastor, let's not do that right now.'But you okay it and it's on your golf course, and the pastor's up there going, 'I know this looks like the tower of...
like Moses, the idol, and the bull, but it's not.'Just letting you know, don't drink the Kool-Aid.
It's okay. I'm just telling y'all, you ought to wake up. This is what Jesus said.
He stood right here, right there. He came through a portal right here, and it shook me so bad. He said, 'I don't want you to go live tonight.
I want you to record the video without a live stream.'And all of a sudden, he came with three angels behind him.
One was behind him and two on his side. And he spoke to me and he told me what was coming.
Now, I haven't touched it much after that, but I told you, we've got to pray for this man to get him across the finish line.
The Lord said, 'Pray for President Trump.'Pride will try to set in. Pray for him.
Now, he talks about the economy being great right now, and you see the statistics, the charts, and the gas prices.
I don't know who you want to believe. You look at all the stuff that Braden shows me, and I go, they should have already called a recession.
Not a depression, but from what I see in the church and what we're going over, they should have already called a recession, but whatever happens with the stimulus and the economy in the days ahead.
So, I saw a massive shot that looked like acid, and it would be tripping—the economy will be tripping on acid.
It was like flooded with a big old bull needle, like a huge elephant syringe.
And the Lord said, 'This won't last long. They'll try to stimulate it up, prop it up.'And I saw the housing market.
It was doing this, but it was transparent. And they'll try to lower interest rates. They're going to try, and I say, 'This is about midterms.
How do we flip midterms?'And they have all these plans of how they're turning things red, going against districts that were blue, and redoing things.
It's interesting. I mean, they're really going to some major stuff in Florida and some other states to try to make sure that the blue will not win.
So, will we see more of that? Yes. I said political theater will really get busy in June, July, August, and September with a major event.
The Lord said, 'Pray about this major event, a black swan event, a major shaking to awaken from the left.'He said, 'It can't be too early and it can't be too late.'That's what we're praying over right now: a 'Red Dawn'experience.
He said, 'It can't be too early because people's attention gets off of it,'like the Charlie Kirk stuff. You know, Charlie Kirk people...
everybody's sad for a couple of months, and then the 'squirrel'—they're over here and you hear something else in the news and you go, 'What happened about Charlie Kirk and the grieving and all that?'Well, they're onto something else.
We got the t-shirt. People were wearing the t-shirt and then they drop it.
Then we're watching Candace Owens, and she's saying all this stuff about his wife.
Well, there's a conspiracy that she did something, and you listen to that 'squirrel.'Next thing you know, it's drama in the media.
As the tables turn, it's political theater. Where are we at?
He'll rededicate America on Sunday. And what happens after that?
Praying over our 250th anniversary for our beautiful nation.
Praying over our protection over our law enforcement, for ICE agents.
I saw major things like George Floyd riots coming in the days ahead. Great distractions.
Remember I told you, 'January 6th on steroids.'I saw another coup, the 25th Amendment, praying against this stuff.
So, there's a lot of heavy things that we hear and see. It's not always easy for me to come on here and tell you the things that I see.
We're going to start making archives for every vision so they don't get lost—the big ones, the things that I have seen by the leading of the Holy Spirit.
How long have I been doing this? Way too long. I'm so sorry, y'all.
I'll stop talking. I try to keep it under 45 minutes, and it's already six o'clock. Okay. What was I saying?
Oh, keeping an archive of the big words so they don't get buried when there are these two-hour long videos.
Next thing you know, someone says, 'Brandon, I don't remember any of this stuff that you've given these words on.'They're buried for weeks, but I believe they're accurate and they'll prove to be so in the days ahead.
A major volcano will come forth out of the water in Italy. The Vatican will be shaken with an 8.2 in Rome, right outside of it, and the walls of the Vatican will crack.
I still stand by everything the Lord gives me, and I have to remember them myself—what the Lord has shown us.
May 5th, we had a 4.1 magnitude in the exact spot where he said 'watch the water.'May 5th, just a couple weeks ago, and the Lord said, 'Watch the water.
It's the exact spot.'Now, have we seen the volcano go off? He said there'll be signs before it.
When we gave that word back in 2023, people get so impatient, like a microwave; they think, 'Well, because it didn't happen in the first two weeks, it's a false prophecy.'I didn't give a prophecy; I gave you a vision.
I told you what I saw. So, there it is. I'm going to try to make it easier for you so you don't have to spend hours coming to these prayer meetings, because I get that you all have lives.
I totally get that. But when I've dedicated my life to do this, I never look at it as anything.
I try to keep it underneath the two hours, but there's a lot of people, Brandon, I don't have two hours every day to spend with you.
So, I gave you three days off to catch up on the videos and hopefully the people got to watch some of those that are there.
It's just putting out new content, and then the people are able to catch up because there's nothing fresh for them to watch.
So, I'm like, well, at least they're getting watched. Because the warnings that we're getting by the spirit of the Lord, we believe are very serious, life-threatening.
This is life and death. And it's the same with the plague, the 350 million people.
I did not say—excuse me, if anybody wants to know why I rub my nose, I overcome allergies pretty severe, but I don't claim it.
It's just being real with you. I stand on the word and I'm believing I'm healed.
But saying the things the Lord has warned us about concerning the plague, the 350 million was not America.
It wasn't one nation out of all of them, that only America is going to get the plague of the Hantavirus or whatever it's called.
I said they're going to use a plague that will be used by rats this time.
And they will release the rats in Europe. And when they do, it will spread.
I see Europe with something having to do with rats. And they injected the rats. Do you have the cartoon drawing?
I made the chart with this and that so that it would be something that you can pull from.
This was me trying to bring all the prophetic visions so that you can see them and put them on a painting or whatever that would be fun for you.
And I saw this and I put the rats down there, plague 2028. And I said, 'They inject it in a lab and they release it upon the world.'And it was toward fall of 2027, 2028.
And I heard them say if it worked for the election last time in 2020, that time frame, it will work again.
But they wanted to control the economy for Agenda 2030 for what's coming.
And I saw them release something and then they say the money's bad.
You can't have cash anymore. It all has to be digital because the virus is on the money.
So you don't want to have money no more because we only want to have...
and they make you use your cell phone or a device on your wrist. And I said it all starts with the rats.
Now, we're in 2026 and we're seeing mice and rats spread viruses, right?
And people are dying. It's too early. I believe it's a trial run.
I believe it's not time yet. I believe there's some good days ahead.
The Lord said days of fun have just begun for the church, but we're going to see the outpouring of finances.
That's what I'm standing for. I'm believing God. There's so much stuff that we're not ready for.
But I try to warn you in that coloring and you can zoom out. I'm sure they want to look at a little bit because there's new faces.
See Alex Jones up there. I said in the days ahead, I saw him being a John the Baptist.
Tucker Carlson's heart will turn from gray to black and he'll stand against, and Candace Owens will go down the rabbit hole and she'll start acting nuts.
Remember I said there's the biological weapon coming out of Cuba right up there.
And I said Schumer will say, 'Impeach P.'They are always saying impeach; Putin has his hands... See the bees around her?
I said something will happen, she won't because there's a scandal that's about to break loose for her out of Minnesota.
And sure enough, it did. Refineries will start to be on fire.
I saw them on fire. I said, 'They're going to start burning their refineries.
The oil wells will be on fire.'They're in the news. They're on fire.
I said interest rates will explode. This is what Jerome Powell needs a job.
There are major tornadoes coming. It happened. Weather warfare, weather manipulation.
Well, Brandon, we always have tornadoes—but not like we've seen.
This is demonic weather. See Cuba up here? There's Cuba up there in the corner.
I said, 'Watch Cuba.'Panda, that biological green weapon coming out of the water with the Russian sub.
He's up there and he's manipulating Zelensky with the Pinocchio nose trying to fire rockets at the Kremlin.
UFO disclosures are coming. I told you I said this. This was at the beginning of the year.
We did this for fun because this was my economic thing for what the Lord has shown us.
And I said the king will start to do things and he'll start to manipulate Canada in the days ahead.
There will be a black swan event over Europe, and I'm still looking for that.
There's an Eiffel Tower praying over the Olympics. I said something will happen with the people going down the ski slopes.
Look at this. See the ski slopes? Lindsey Vonn broke her leg.
They'll start to talk about going to outer space again. There'll be a new space race on April 4th.
And I said they'll be talking about putting a moon base on the moon.
Do you remember that? It's there. And now they're talking about that. These are words that the Lord has given.
I said South Korea will be sooner than America with Japan and they'll sign agreements for Bitcoin before America does, before the Clarity Act comes.
And they did. I said the industrial revolution. I said they'll start to talk about AI babies, artificial babies in wombs, and they have robots, genetically modified.
Now, I don't want to go over the other one. I'm not even going to talk about it.
You can go up to the top, but skip it. I don't want to talk about that.
There's things that I put in there that I'm not going to utter. Yeah, you did. You took it out. Good job.
So, I saw a new Watergate scandal taking place in the White House.
It's just sad to me. You worked hard, son. I'm proud of you. You did a really good job on that.
Bye, Felicia. I love you, Pete. Bye, Felicia. And there's Trump trying to stop the US economy from going over the waterfall.
And it's a catfish. You're being catfished. I told you it's a pig with lipstick.
Everybody thinks it looks good, but a pig's a pig regardless if you put lipstick on it.
And Trump's going to try to make it a golden age, but it's about to go over the edge.
I said everything about the economy right now and all the things going on.
So, it's interesting, huh? It was fun. All right, let's pray.
It's way too long, but it's things like that. I can put them out there so he'll make more charts like that.
He's trying to finish his school year and then he's going to start doing fun things like this.
He enjoys doing it. Father, we just thank you for all that you've done for us as we pray as a family tonight.
Father, I know I haven't been with you in three days, so it took you a little bit to get over things, but at least you had it.
How many here right now? Seven. Father, we thank you for the body.
You're going to take communion with me. Father, I thank you, Lord.
We're believing believers that believe that by your stripes we're healed. We take this body in the name of Jesus.
And we lift it up before you, Father, and we thank you that no weapon formed against us would prosper.
We thank you, Father, that we're healed and whole and well in the mighty name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Father, that without you, we can do nothing.
Apart from you, we can do nothing. So, we humble ourselves underneath your mighty hand.
And we thank you, Lord, that, Father, if there's anything you want us to pray over tonight, if there is anything you want us to push in the spirit realm for you, Father, we will do it.
And so, we take this body in the name of Jesus, and we believe that by your stripes, we're healed.
We believe, Father, we're believing believers, not doubters.
We're overcomers in every area of our life. And we take this in the name of Jesus.
Lord, we apply the blood. We apply the blood. We make much of the blood.
The blood makes much of us and it never loses its power. Great is your faithfulness towards us, oh Lord.
And we thank you, Lord. We thank you, Father, for the blood. I apply the blood over my eyes.
If there's anything, like I said, if there is anything you want to show us tonight, I yield to the Holy Spirit.
And we thank you, Father. We thank you, Lord, that you said in your word you would show us that which is to come.
And we take the blood right now in Jesus'name. Holy Spirit, we yield to the anointing.
We yield to the anointing of the prophet. We yield to the anointing of the watcher.
We yield whatever you want to show us of that which is to come. Holy Spirit, you are welcome in this place.
Omnipotent Father of mercy and grace, thou art welcome in this place.
Lord, in thy presence there's healing divine. No other power can save Lord but thine.
Holy Spirit, you are welcome in this place. Omnipotent Father of mercy and grace, thou art welcome in this place.
Fill all thy hungry and empty within. Restore us, oh Father, revive us again.
Holy Spirit, thou art welcome in this place. Holy Spirit, you are welcome in this place.
Holy Spirit, you're so welcome. Thank you, Lord, for your forgiveness.
Thank you, Lord, that we step out of the way and we yield ourselves to you today. We yield ourselves to you, Holy Spirit.
So much flesh, so much ego, so much stuff that you have to walk through or you have to mess just there.
Get self out of the way all the time. Humble yourself before the Lord.
He said, 'I'm done with egos and resumes. I'm done with the egos.'Humble yourself before the Lord.
He will share his glory with no one. Fill our cup, Lord. Braden, we humble ourselves before you, oh God.
We thank you, Lord, for your hand. Fill my cup, Lord. I lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench this thirsting of my soul. Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more.
Fill my cup, fill it up and make me whole. Like the woman at the well, I was seeking for things that could not satisfy.
And there I heard my Savior speaking, 'Draw from my well that never shall run dry.'Fill my cup, Lord.
I lift it up, Lord. Come and quench this thirsting of our soul.
Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more. Fill my cup, I lift it up and make me whole.
Like the woman at the well, I was seeking for things I could not satisfy.
And then I heard my Savior speaking, 'Draw from my well that never shall run dry.'We draw from your well, for there is a vast supply.
Come to the water. There is a vast supply. Come to the fountain that never shall run dry.
There is a river and it flows from deep within. There is a fountain that frees the soul from sin.
Come to this water. There is a vast supply. There is a river that never shall run dry.
And there was a thirsty woman; she was drawing from the well.
Her life was ruined and wasted and her soul was bound for hell.
But there she met a Master and he told her sin, and he said, 'If you drink this water you'll never thirst again.'There is a river and it flows from deep within.
There is a fountain that frees the soul from sin. Oh, come to this water.
There is a vast supply. There is a river that never shall run dry.
Thank you, Father. I believe in miracles. I've seen a soul set free.
Miraculous the change in one redeemed through Calvary. I've seen the lily push its way up through the stubborn sod.
Oh, I believe in miracles for I believe in God. Creation shows the power of God.
There's glory all around and all those who see must stand in awe for miracles abound.
I believe in miracles. I've seen a soul set free. Miraculous the change in one redeemed through Calvary.
I've seen the lily push its way up through the stubborn sod. I believe in miracles for I believe in God.
We love you, Holy Spirit. We love you, Father. Creation shows the power of God.
There's glory all around, and all those who see must stand in awe for miracles abound.
We love you, Father, for we believe in miracles. I have personally seen a soul set free.
Miraculous the change in one redeemed through Calvary. I've seen the lily push its way up through the stubborn sod.
I believe in miracles for I believe in God. Holy, holy, holy. Glory, glory to the Lord. Glory, glory to the Lamb.
For you are glorious and worthy to be praised, the Lamb upon the throne; and unto you we lift our voice in praise.
You're the Lamb upon the throne. Worthy is the Lamb. Holy, holy, holy is the Lord.
For you are glorious and worthy to be praised. You're the Lamb upon the throne and unto you we lift our voice in praise.
You're the Lamb upon the throne. Glory, glory to the Lamb. For you are glorious and worthy to be praised.
You're the Lamb upon the throne and unto you we lift our voice in praise.
You're the Lamb upon the throne. I wait on him because I don't control it.
When he doesn't show me anything, I can't go. I don't know what river to go on until I find it.
And usually, he'll show me. But sometimes it's just to worship.
I'm completely dependent on him about all of it. The Bible says he inhabits the praises of his people.
And that's why if you ever wonder why I praise like this, I worship because it's what brings it.
It's always giving him honor and praise. When you exalt him, when you glorify him, he will share his glory with no one.
It's always about Him, and it always will be about Him. The moment you get a big head and think it's about you, He doesn't.
It will be like touching a cold stove. When you start to magnify Him, that's when the gift works and a cloak comes on.
But usually, 99% of the time, it's only through worship. That's when I start to see and tell you what I believe the Lord is showing me.
But you have to get in. It's like going to the doctor. If you're dehydrated because of the world like I am, you have to get hooked up to that water because they can't find a vein.
When you're dry, the doctor can't even draw blood. They say, 'You need to go drink a couple glasses of water and we'll be able to hit that vein.'And that's the way it is in the spirit.
When you're dry and you try to jump in that river, it doesn't work that way.
You've got to worship. When praises go up, the blessings come down. He'll start to show you things.
He'll show you that which is to come whenever you yield to Him and sing to Him.
It is not a microwave; it is a slow cooker. Life draws the life out of you—that Holy Ghost flow.
You've got to stay on that vine; you've got to stay in that river.
Just as the flesh has to have water, you've got to have water.
Life circumstances make you dry. Then you get underneath there and you drink.
Sometimes it takes longer than others, and you just go, 'Okay.'But He's in control.
That's what you have to tell your flesh: 'Shut up, flesh.'You lead by example.
You have to say it's not performance. We'll just pray for Trump for a minute. Let's see how that goes.
Holy, holy, holy Father, we lift up President Trump before You right now in the name of Jesus.
And we thank You, Father, that no weapon formed against him shall prosper.
Father, I believe You've called and chosen him for such a time as this.
So, Father, as believing believers, we put a hedge around him from the north, the south, the east, and the west.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that there are angels of the Lord camped around him.
A thousand shall fall at his side and 10,000 at his right hand, but nothing shall come nigh.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that the angels of the Lord are camped around his kids.
Father, I thank You, Lord: Don Jr., Eric, Tiffany, Barron, and Ivanka, and even Kai, one of the oldest grandkids.
Father, I thank You, Lord. We put a hedge around the family right now in the name of Jesus, that no weapon formed against them shall prosper.
We plead the blood of Jesus over them. I thank You, Lord, that no matter every tongue that rises against them, we condemn it.
We condemn the words that are spoken against us. We apply the blood over us.
We rebuke demonic witchcraft, incantations, chants, voodoo, hexes, and vexes. We come against it; it will not touch us.
In any way, we plead the blood of Jesus over us today, and the angels of the Lord are camped around us and they bear us up in their hands lest we dash our foot against a stone.
We believe, Father, that Psalm 91 is real to us. Psalm 23 is real to us.
And Father, we stay in that secret place of the Most High. We abide under the shadow of the Almighty.
We'll say of the Lord, 'He is our refuge, He is our fortress, our God; in Him will I trust.'Surely goodness and mercy are following us all the days of our life, and we will dwell in the house of the Lord forever and ever.
We believe, Father, that You prepare a table before us in the presence of all our enemies.
Father, when the enemy comes in like a flood, the Spirit of the Lord raises a standard against him.
We believe, Father, concerning America, that we will be one nation under God, and we will not turn to a goat nation but will remain a sheep nation.
I thank You, Father, that there's revival coming from shore to shore, from the Gulf to Canada.
I call a revival over this nation in the name of Jesus that starts with our pastors and the leadership of the church.
Stir in them, O God. Can these bones live across America, Europe, Australia, South America, Africa, the Middle East, and Asia?
We say, 'Can these bones live?'and we say they will live. We speak to the dry bones.
We see dry bones rise and walk in the name of Jesus. We speak to the dry bones across the land, across America, across Mexico.
O God, can these bones live? We call forth revival. We call forth a stirring in the church.
I just saw a wave. It had all kinds of green stuff in it. We hit it and it caused a wave.
We call forth revival. We call forth awakening unto God. We call forth a stirring in our Senate and in our House.
Jesus is Lord. Jesus is Lord over America, Canada, Africa, Europe, the Middle East, and Asia, from the Arctic.
Oh Father, we thank You, Lord. Jesus is Lord. And we say we stir ourselves up right now in the name of Jesus.
If the Spirit isn't moving, move the Spirit. Today we call revival over this land.
We pray over President Trump in his mind, that he takes no counsel from the ungodly.
That the churches don't build idols. They don't build golden statues or golden calves.
We will only worship the Lord Jesus Christ. Father, I thank You, Lord, that You look at the motive of the heart of a man.
Regardless if it's symbolic—it may not even be about that—it's symbolic of where the church is at.
Father, I call a shaking to awaken the church. The symbolism of where the church is truly at, the bride, the compromised state of the bride.
It's symbolism, for it was birthed in the spiritual and it came forth into the natural.
That's why you have a golden statue there. It was birthed in symbolism. It's a type and shadow of what the Lord is saying.
It's happening in the spirit, and what was happening in the spirit is manifesting in the natural right now.
Why do you have a statue? Because it's a stench before His throne of where the church is at; that is why you have a golden idol.
It's because of the heart motive of how you look at a man versus Him.
That which was in the spirit realm manifested in the natural.
It's symbolism. I'm telling you what I see here by the Spirit of God. It's what you see in the natural.
It's like when you have sickness of the heart or sickness of the mind that starts to manifest.
You may not see it until they start acting out on it. As a man thinketh in his heart, so is he.
And that's what starts to manifest because out of the abundance of the heart, the mouth speaks.
The more you think on it, the more manifestation comes because you start speaking it.
Life and death are in the power of your tongue. The more you say it, the more you'll have it.
But you had to get there by thinking it first. You didn't build the golden statue before you thought it and started speaking it.
The Tower of Babel happened the same way. It all started with a thought and not taking captive of those thoughts.
It's how you exalt a man over the Lord. And that's where it's at right now.
You see it as just a statue, but it is a heart thing that is even in the world's eyes. Do you understand? And that's what the Lord's saying.
You say, "Well, it's innocent."But the Lord said it was birthed out of a heart because you thought it and then you spoke it, and it came from the heart.
Does that make sense? It's much pride. The Lord said it's much pride.
It's the church's responsibility to get the man across the finish line, to get him to the end of 2029.
After the election, January of 2029 would be his last time to get him across the finish line.
Can these bones live? Oh, America, can these bones live? Can these bones live across this nation? Now I'm in Germany. There's something going on in Berlin.
I went from Berlin and there's something that's tied to the church, and I see a shaking happen in California again.
There are these little teeth that are nipping from the ground.
It looks like plants, almost like Venus flytraps that are nipping from the ground in California.
Concerning this minister, I see black onyx trying to come around.
I see a black onyx, almost like a web of black onyx coming around this certain man, like Venom out of Spider-Man.
It's like that black venom is coming around this guy in his head.
Many have been snared, for there's still a great shaking in the church. You will see, for 1 Corinthians 5:5. I see big faces.
I see a removing through the summer months, going through the fall months.
Remember this. There's a cleansing of the house coming. I see huge YouTubers.
I see faces in the charismatic circle. They won't be here much longer.
There's more people going home. There's another huge face about to go home.
You'll see it all over the news that day. It's a major face. Some of these people have been dealing with some kind of witchcraft.
I see witchcraft at the roots. I see witchcraft at the fruits.
Do you know a yin-yang? It looks black on one side and white on the other.
There's a mixture of witchcraft. You'll be shocked. They're practicing dark things behind closed doors.
They're dabbling in witchcraft. And this is blatant. I'm talking about doing satanic practice in their house.
They have an altar. And the Lord said judgment is coming on this.
You're going to see this in Africa. I'm going to bring a shaking in the Latino churches.
I'm going to bring a shaking in the African churches. There's great darkness. They try to pretend they're wolves in sheep's clothing.
These men are wolves in sheep's clothing, and the Lord's bringing judgment on them.
Some of you watch them every day, and you're about to see. The sheep will see.
Even they try to pretend they're walking in the supernatural and they're getting healing, but this is demonic backing them to snare you.
They try to lay hands on their congregation and it's witchcraft.
The Lord said what they're doing is demonic stuff. They'll not be here.
Some of them will fall dead on the platform. You're going to see this in the days ahead. The Lord said his patience is no more.
There's things that they have done with witchcraft, talking about blatant witchcraft trying to conjure up money.
It's driven by finances and power. Like Saul, they're calling up demonic psychics, conjuring up demonic stuff.
Compromise. Pride comes before a fall. There will be a raising up of new faces.
Drink from the well that never shall run dry. Fill my cup, Lord.
I lift it up, Lord. Come and quench this thirsting of our soul.
Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more. Fill my cup, fill it up and make me whole.
A fire is coming upon Australia. I see a great fire across the land of Australia.
A great mighty Holy Ghost fire is coming upon the land of Australia.
It looked like a whirlwind. I will visit them again and I see a whirlwind.
In the middle of the whirlwind is a great ball of fire. New fountains of worship will come forth out of the land.
The souls of men. The Lord said there's a spark that's beginning to grow.
You'll see a spark and then all of a sudden the flame will begin to grow.
All I need is a spark, and the flame will begin to grow from the spark.
He's putting each one of you in position to be a mouthpiece for him today.
In his goodness, spread the fire. Many more will be on the threshing floor.
You'll see it on the threshing floor. It all starts with a spark.
And then the greater glory. Many will see the road to victory.
You must pray it out. Call the souls to come in today and they will see. It will grow. It will be engorged.
The dams will break and the walls will shake and the glory will flow through you today.
And that great river will flow as the dams break. It will be the glorious outpouring.
It would power more of the glory. It will start with the spark. It starts with the spark and Holy Ghost blaze.
All those that are thirsty, drink from the well that never shall run dry.
Fill our cup, Lord. We lift it up, Lord. Come and quench this thirsting of our soul.
Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more. Fill my cup, fill it up and make me whole.
There are many of you getting a fresh fire on you right now. I lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench this thirsting of their soul. Bread of heaven, feed them till they want no more.
Fill their cup, fill it up and make them whole. It is dark over there, as I told you, and we're going to see an exposing of the dark ones.
A true fire will fall. A true spark will come. There will be a fresh fire.
You'll see a cleansing. There's still cleansing yet to come in my church.
But this fresh spark, a true fire is coming. Judgment begins in the house of the Lord first.
Cleansing of my church to bring the bride to my side. Too many idols in the church and idols in the world.
He is abolishing and getting rid of the idols in the church. Some as food, some as sexual perversions, some as alcohol, whatever your idol is.
If you've got an idol that is before God, he'll have no other gods before him.
If there's something that is in your flesh, you crucify your flesh.
Say to it, 'Shut up.'That's what he's talking about. What exalts itself more than God in your life?
He's getting rid of the idols in our lives. He's purifying the bride to bring her to his side.
What's an idol to you? Is it a man, a woman, or sexual things? What holds the place of what he should be?
He's cleansing it. It could be a person, a car, or a house. Whatever is an idol to you.
Does that make sense what I'm trying to tell you all? He'll have no other god before him. Crucify your flesh daily.
I am crucified with Christ; nevertheless I live, yet not I, but Christ in me, the hope of glory.
I die daily. I am surrendered. I surrender all. All to thee, my blessed Savior, I surrender all.
All to Jesus I surrender. Lord, I give myself to thee. Fill me with thy love and power.
Let thy blessing fall on me. Braden brought out some old verses. I surrender all. We surrender our hearts to you tonight.
We surrender our lives to you tonight and all of what we have in our lives that is before you.
All to Jesus I surrender, all to him I freely give; I will ever love and trust him, in his presence daily live.
I surrender all. All to thee, my blessed Savior, I surrender all.
All to Jesus I surrender. Humbly at his feet I bow. Worldly pleasures all forsaken.
Take me, Jesus, take me now. Braden, I want to go back up to verse one.
All to Jesus, I surrender all. We surrender all to you tonight.
We're so grateful, Father, for that presence. Humbly we bow. Humbly we yield all we have before you.
There are many of you tonight who have never surrendered your life over to him.
There's a heaven to gain and a hell to shun. I'm telling you, you're not promised tomorrow.
We believe with long life he'll satisfy us and show us his salvation.
But for some of us, this will be our last night on the earth. If it is your last night, where will you spend eternity?
Will you be in hell or will you be in heaven? It's very simple. It's black and white.
Either you're in heaven with him or you're going to be in hell with the devil.
Hell was not made for you; it was made for Satan and his demons. We choose hell by rejecting Jesus.
But tonight, Jesus is standing at the door and he's asking you, 'Will you let me in?'He's a gentleman. He does not force you. He gives you free will.
The moment you confess your sins, he is faithful and just to forgive you of your sins and cleanse you of all unrighteousness.
Do you know my friend? And more importantly, does he know you? If you were to die tonight, where would you spend eternity?
The very shoes you went to put on today, the undertaker might be taking them off tonight. Heaven is forever, and so is hell.
Jesus is standing at the door right now and he's saying, 'Will you let me in?'Open the door to him and become bold about it and say, 'Jesus, I want to make you my Lord and personal Savior.'But you've got to confess him and you've got to repent of your sins and turn from your wicked ways.
Tonight's the night. You could say, 'Brandon, I used to be on fire for Jesus.
I used to be all sold out to him, but over the course of time, I've leaked out.'I know I'm not right with God.
Will you please pray for me? Jesus never left you. He never turned his back on you, but we turn our back on him.
Tonight, as we surrender all and say, 'Jesus, I want to make it right.'He died for you publicly, and I want you to be public about your decision tonight.
When you get real with God, God will get real with you. You've got to become real right now.
When you take your step, he'll take a step. He's a gentleman. I'm going to say a simple prayer.
If this is speaking to you and you feel in your heart, 'Tonight's my night.
I'm coming home, Brandon. I want to make it right.'This could be your last opportunity.
I pray with all my heart that you get real and say, 'Jesus, I'm coming home.'It's not religious.
I hate religion. Religion is of Pharisees. We're all about relationship in here.
Don't be Caiaphas. Be like Peter and John and the disciples.
It is a relationship. Jesus, I just want You. I want everything about You.
I want You to be my Lord and personal Savior. Say this prayer after me.
Say, 'Jesus, I believe You are the Son of God. I believe You died for me and You rose again on the third day.
Jesus, I am a sinner and I need a Savior. Jesus, I ask You to forgive me of my sins.
As of tonight, I turn my back on the devil. I turn my back on the sin I was doing, and I shut the door to it.
And from this day forward, I serve You with all my heart. Jesus, I ask You to write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life. Tonight, I believe I'm saved. I confess my sins to You.
I believe You are the Son of God and I believe that from this day forward I'll be with You in paradise forever because I make You my Lord and personal Savior.
Thank You, Lord, that I am no longer living in the world and in sin, but I am saved by grace and I am so grateful for what You did for me on that cross.
Tonight I'm saved. Tonight I'm born again. Behold, You've made all things new.
I believe it and I receive my forgiveness by faith. Thank You, Lord.
Amen and amen.'I believe if you just said that simple little prayer, I believe you just gave your heart to Jesus Christ.
Now, what do you do? You get plugged into a Bible-believing church, one that's filled with fire.
You don't want to go to a dead, washed-out religious church.
You want to go to one that believes in the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Get baptized in the Holy Ghost. Speak in other tongues.
Find the pastor there and say, 'Listen, I need to be water baptized.
I want to get water baptized. I want to get plugged into your church.
Help me to get plugged in here.'Find somebody in the church.
Tell them, say, 'I got born again watching some bald-headed guy on YouTube and I want to give my heart more to Jesus by getting plugged in here.
Let me come here and get plugged in.'Volunteer. Whatever you've got to do, just get yourself around new people.
You may have to say to some of your old friends, 'You know what? I'm not going to go out partying with you tonight.
You can come with me to church.'As they see the change in you, it will change.
The word of God will change you from the inside out, and they're going to see the difference in you.
You'll find new friends and they'll come along because they're going to see the difference.
They're going to say, 'There's something different about you. What did you do? I gave my heart to Jesus.
I am forever grateful for what He did for me.'Well, and read your Bible. Pray every day.
If you don't have a Bible, we will send you a Bible for free just to love on you, just to tell you congratulations, welcome to the family.
We'll send you a Bible. All you have to do is email us in the description down below. There's an email down there.
Say, 'Tonight, I gave my heart to Jesus Christ'in the subject line and tell me your name and your address and we won't solicit you ever again.
We just want to send you the Bible just to love on you and tell you congratulations and welcome to the family.
And so, get plugged into church. Come over here, like, subscribe, be a part of our YouTube channel.
We appreciate you being here tonight. All 39 of you, welcome to the family.
My son just told me 39 people gave their heart to Jesus Christ tonight.
And we're so thankful for all 39 of you. All 39, welcome home.
Those that rededicated, those that came back to the Lord, welcome back home.
Welcome home. And so, the best is yet to come, folks. I'm telling you, revival is coming.
I kept you really long tonight, almost three hours, but the Lord said, 'Give an altar call.'So, whoever gave their heart to Jesus Christ, welcome home.
Hey, and read your Bible every day. The word of God will change you from the inside out.
No visions, no experiences. Faith cometh by hearing and hearing by the word of God.
The only thing that's going to give you ammunition to fight against the devil is the sword of the spirit and that is the word of God and the shield of faith which quenches all the fiery darts of the wicked.
Out of your belly shall flow rivers of living water and those rivers take out those fiery darts with the word of faith.
Faith comes by hearing and hearing by the word of God. And the only thing that's ever going to change you is getting that word of God inside of your heart.
There's no prophetic voice. There's no kind of seer. There's nothing that's going to help you other than getting the word of God inside of you.
You must know Him and know the truth. The truth will set you free.
I don't care how many kind of gurus, whatever you see on YouTube, I'm telling you, the only thing that's going to change you is getting the word of God inside of you.
And the truth will set you free. It ain't counseling. It ain't whatever. It's the word of God.
And I'm telling you, when you get that word of God down inside of your heart and it becomes foundation, it will change you from the inside out.
So that's my biggest advice to a brand new believer is you must know the word.
Well, you say, 'Well, Brandon, I don't understand it.'Read Psalms, read Proverbs, get those down and you start meditating on those.
You'll start reading it and it's easier to read and start meditating on it, thinking on it, getting it in your eye gate.
Get it through your eyes. The entrance of His word brings forth light.
The entrance of His word brings forth light. And that's what's going to change you is that light.
The light will put out the darkness. It's very simple. And the entrance of His word, the light—God is light and in Him there is no darkness at all.
So the more you get the word—because the Bible says that the word is God and God is the word—so guess what?
The more you get that word inside of you, you're getting light inside of you. It's Psalm 119:130. Ready?
'The entrance of the words gives light; it gives understanding unto the simple.'There it is.
It gives understanding unto the simple. So, you just got to get the word down inside of you.
And the more you do it, it's going to change you from the inside out.
And you're going to go, 'Wow, I don't even recognize myself.'Well, it seems like an old book. No, the word of God is alive. It's alive.
I can read something and the next couple of months later, you read it again, you get something totally different out of it.
Why? Because we're all going from glory to glory to glory. And the more you go from glory to glory, He's changing us.
His likeness and image to perfect in me, the love of God shown to the world.
For He's changing me from earthly things to the heavenlies. Thank You, Father.
That's wonderful. Father, we just thank You for the souls. We thank You, Father, for the born again.
Now, Father, we call for our unsaved loved ones before we close tonight.
We thank You, Lord. We call every single one of them born again.
The Bible says that Satan has blinded the eyes of the unbeliever.
And we call the unbelieving eyes to believe in the name of Jesus. We call the enlightenment of the eyes.
We say according to Ephesians that the eyes of their understanding would be enlightened tonight.
We say, 'Satan, get your hands off of our unsaved loved ones.'We call them born again.
We call them baptized in the Holy Ghost on fire for Jesus and they will be a light to the world. And Father, I thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord, that tonight we arise and shine, for the light has come and the glory of the Lord has risen on us, and we give you all the glory, honor, and praise for it, Lord, in the name of Jesus.
Everyone say, 'Amen and amen.'So I kept you about three hours.
I'm so thankful for every single one of you that came out tonight and prayed with us.
How many do we have all together? Seven. Well, we came on earlier and still have a good crowd.
So, all 7,000 of you, thank you for being here. We're really appreciative of it.
We'll be back again tomorrow. Do you like the new time? We tried a little bit earlier.
Usually, we come on about 9:00, somewhere around there. So, we tried something a little different tonight.
So, if you like this time frame, let us know. We're trying to do something different.
I get tired of getting in a rut and doing the same thing over and over again.
And so, that's what we're doing differently tonight. So to those that are used to coming on at 9:00, you can watch the replay.
So God bless you all. We close by saying this: We love you. Thank you for your support.
Thank you for praying for my family. We appreciate every single one of you.
And we are so excited that you pray with us. And we will see you again.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart. Jesus loves you so much and we love you. God bless you and we'll see you again. Bye-bye.